hello and welcome to
review is timo reserved on the
rad blog yes that is acceptable for
hellmich had him a week now
test and omit noticed that
is the really good ventilation
those are the oblong ones after the
opening the do a good job
I have no heat accumulation underneath and
out of fear now in winter was too cold
founder i had round on my cap
pulled and to look like me then
behaves with my head
it works for me in any case
what rottloff 5 system the only system
from zero is really really cool me
can the gentlemen equal to two times
my purchase set a head circumference
Once again I can do this alone
Do not keep arms these holders
just my back of my mind
adjust and height by 15 millimeters
move with a hand that I show
you guys at the end of the video
what else is there for these
like secret money
for example, there are still in here
Italy woman in black red and black
blue and white sports boxing far so it was
it also for every guy what that
largest is the processing for 80 euros
is really really good at what work
Negative is simply that this
group the words are that something has on
So I have them with me
just 20 kilometers of white used
for you really so I'm right
Nice to have led to my head
Now I'll just show you these
boklok 5 system that works
By the way, that 's with the flight attendants
as we fumble the so keep is
so is stupid there you do not have in
Had hands but when he practically goes
is a finger between eyebrows
That's how it should be
So there is a thumbs up
decreed super price performance
conclusively to say if he the
full test report and
is the link to our page advice
all this advertising and airplane
Expiration of my pictures to the mobile phone
invoice